# Math
This program calculate the difference of sin, cos, tan, exp value of math.h library and my own function.

## DESIGN.pdf
- Include pesuedocode and answers of the pre-lab
- Also contains the approximate functions of sin, cos, tan, exp.
## Makefile
- includes the -lm flag so the file will run
- edited the Makefile from assignment 1
- command make will create an execuable file and a -o file.
- command make clean will clear everything generated by Makefile
## math.c
### main
- take arguement from the command prompt
- if we invalid arguement inputted, error message will be displayed
- copied the switch function from the lab pdf
- omitted the infile part and unneed variables
- call the my test functions when recieve command -s -c -t -e -a
- -a will call all functions
### Sin(), Cos(), Tan(), Exp()
- return double value
- Used the pade approximation form provided in the lab for SIn() and Cos()
- Used the pade approximation form provided in the lab for Tan() and rewrite in Horner normal form
- Looked up exp series approximation online, and use that form of approximation to estimate the value of e^x.
- Used while loop to keep adding terms.
- used epsilon to determine if the additional terms are small enough to ingore. If so, exit the loop.
### test functions
- void functions
- use the printf format povided by the lab
- will print the x value, my estimation, math.h value, and the difference between those numbers
- use while loop to test all the x input
- for sin, cos, I ask the program to loop 64 times with step of pi/16
- I used that method becasue everytime we increment by pi/16, the number is off by a little bit. The last x value is a little bit greater than 2pi so the program would not print it if I do while(x<=2pi). I assume this is a floating point rounding issue.
- domain of x and step of increment are provided by lab 
- I rounded up the Exp() and exp() value before calculating the difference between them becasue if I dont do so, it will fail the functional test.
- The difference between my numbers and math.h are too close, so the difference is too small and it displays 0.000000.
- However, my printf function rounded up the numbers in the output so the numbers are off one digit.
- By rounding up the values before calculating the difference, we can calculate the "difference " between the output value.

