# Hanoi Tower
This program can solve the famous math problem Hanoi tower.

## DESIGN.pdf
- Visual imagination for me to visualize how to disk should go
- also figured out the pattern while write out the steps
## Makefile
- edited the Makefile from assignment 2
- command make will create an execuable file and a -o file.
- command make clean will clear everything generated by Makefile
- added stack-o
## math.c
### main
- take arguement from the command prompt
- if we invalid arguement inputted, error message will be displayed
- edited the switch function from last assignment
- For option, I put ":rsn:" so the program won't require user to input an arguement everytime after -n
- The function only stores a bool variable and the stack and recursive function only be called after the switch function.
- call stack_delete at the end to deallocate the memory of the stacks created.
### Recursive
- return an integer value.
- I use the return value to display the total step at the end.
- call the recursive function with parameter (n-1) and switches the desination for each situation.
### stack impletation
- creates three stacks A B C.
- takes parameter (move, size, A, B, C)
- a while loop ends when the destination peg is full
- even and odd number disks moves differently.
- Found a three steps pattern and we only make legal moves.
- return an integer which is the total steps
### stack.h
- provided by the lab
### stack.c
- define the function in the header file.
- most functions are provide in leture.
- Changed some of the function return value to items[s->top-1] because top is incremented previously.
- Used free(s) for the destructor
- Passed valgrind but got error message in make infer becasue I did not deallocate memory in stack_create, but I did call the stack_delete() in the main.

